{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 Revisions - Age of Darkness\par
\par
09-30-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- Updated: orcs and squad AI.\par
\par
09-30-2010, Khaos\par
- Added: Save, logs, documentation folders. So we can begin\line   compiling notes and keep working on bugs. Saves is for\line   world development.\par
- Moved: Everything script wise was moved to the scripts\line   folder.\par
- Added: Operator and Flag informative file. Needs some\line   updating. Was added to the documents folder.\par
\par
10-01-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- Added: Script files.\par
- Added: Save Files\par
\par
10-01-2010, Khaos\par
- Modified: goldenmongbat.scp\par
* Cleaned up the code. This involved spacing and proper\line   character block maintenance.\par
* Attached the speech block (It wasn't attached via\line   tspeech).\par
* Adjusted integral stat definition to O*. E.g. ostr, odex,\line   & oint.\par
* Added in max* stat variables as well to match with future\line   code inclusions.\par
* Touched up speech handlers and added in wildcards "*".\par
* Added more speech catches.\par
* Added code to not attack a karma evil player on sight.\line   As was noted for inclusion in the script.\par
- Added: npc_ai_healer.scp; it is by default commented out.\line   It contains code to check for healers race vs pchars\line   race. If they don't match, he won't res.\par
- Removed: New Text Document.txt; this was in the base\line   scripts folder with nothing within the file. I removed it\line   to clean up the server.\par
\par
10-02-2010, Khaos\par
- MODIFIED: all bird_types from scripts.\par
- ADDED: Several organizational folders and files for\par
  bird_types. Notes are contained in their relevant folder.\par
  #notes_birds.txt contains all removals, additions, and\par
  changes.\par
- NOTE: This is going to be the new norm for organization\line   of NPC mobiles from here on out. Expect more changes like\line   this in the future.\par
- MODIFIED: any bird script containing c_bird_* is now c_*.\par
- MODIFIED: #notes_bird; removed the note for me to change\par
  c_bird_* to c_*.\par
- ADDED: sphere_backward_compatability_new.scp; this file now\par
  contains any backwards compatibility so nothing messes up\par
  the server from new implementations, least till all files\par
  are up to date.\par
- ADDED: Bears folder to the Animals folder.\par
- ADDED: brown, black, and polar bears to independent\line   files.\par
- ADDED: #notes_bears.txt; for any bear notes.\par
- ADDED: Revisions Log; a current revisions log on anything\line   done in the script/server files. This is to be used and\line   formatted like a sphere_56b_revisions file.\par
- ADDED: Townsfolk, Vendors, Guards, & Summons folders to\par
  NPC base folder.\par
- ADDED: Raging Grizzly Bear, and Grizzly Bear files.\line - ADDED: Blade Spirits and Energy Vortex added and revised.\par
\par
10-03-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- MODIFIED: sphere_msgs.scp; Attempting to eliminate grey unfiltered speech for NPCs. Speech phrases now absent will need to be added to speech and other events.\par
\f1\fs20\par
\f0\fs17 10-04-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- MODIFIED: sphere_serv_triggers.scp ; fixed error message.\par
- MODIFIED: sphere_tables.scp ; fixed files not being loaded properly.\f1\fs20\par
\f0\fs17 - MODIFIED: custom_skills.scp ; fixed animal taming bug.\par
- MODIFIED: faction system ; tweaking ini and config files.\par
- MODIFIED: NPC orc ; minor adjustments, added proper poison resist like PCs.\par
\par
10-05-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- MODIFIED: e_npc_abilities.scp, e_npc_attack_events.scp, Monsters_General.scp,sphere_d_npc_defs_undiscovered.scp ; added Mind Whipper and mind whip ability\par
- MODIFIED: Monsters_daemons.scp ; adjusted stats somewhat\par
\par
10-05-2010, Khaos\par
- ADDED: Packet Guides; several guides added to a new\line   directory inside the documents folder.\par
- ADDED: Script Packs; Several script packs were added\line   to their own folder for use and reference. Sorting of\line   the rest of my script archives later for a download\line   on the ES SVN for previewing.\par
- FIXED: spherechar_human.scp; Fixed the female barber\line   incorrect name. Was NAME=#NAMES_HUMANMALE. It is now\line   properly using NAME=#NAMES_HUMANFEMALE.\par
- REMOVED: A couple new NPCs were removed from\line   spherechar.scp and spherechar_evil.scp (I think) that\line   were not removed from old files after getting their own\line   entries.\par
- UPDATED: backwards_compatibility_new.scp; updated some\line   NPC entries.\par
\par
10-06-2010, Khaos\par
- ADDED/UPDATED: sphere_names.scp; updated a couple\line   missing pixie names. Added entries for Shadow\line   Knight and Centaur.\par
- ADDED: evil_jester.scp; This will add in the Evil\line   Jester to the mobile database and system. Still\line   needs TAG updates.\line - ADDED: sphere_item_provisions_clothing_new.scp; added in\line   the jester items meant for UO3D with some workarounds to\line   get them to work with 2D. DO NOT equip them directly on\line   an NPC. They won't show up unless they equip from pack,\line   ground, etc. Items included: Jester pants (Uses Long\line   Pants) and the Jester Shoes (Plain Shoes).\par
- ADDED: automatons.scp; automatons were added. Still\line   needs TAG updates. Also needs the event tested for\line   resource gathering that is in place on them. Warning\line   they are tanks already, any more armor will make them\line   super tough.\f1\fs20\par
\f0\fs17 - ADDED: "overrides - typedefs" folder; this folder is to\line   contain any new overrides and typedefs for equipment.\par
- ADDED: typedef_equip_3d_fix.scp; t_equip_3d_fix is now\line   a valid typedef for backward compatibility for UO 3D\line   items. Information on its use is in the script.\par
- ADDED: "map designs" folder; this is in the\line   documentation section and holds the new uploaded\line   map images.\line - MOVED: maps; moved them all to the new folder "map\line   designs" for better organization.\par
\par
10-08-2010, Khaos\par
- ADDED: "humanoids" folder.\line - MOVED: evil_jester.scp; moved it into the humanoids\line   folder.\par
- MOVED: automaton.scp; moved it into the humanoids\line   folder.\par
- ADDED: "plants" folder; into the NPC folder.\par
- ADDED: swamp_tentacle.scp; removed it from\line   spherechar_evil.scp and redefined it.\par
- ADDED: corpser.scp; removed it from spherechar.scp\line   and redefined it.\par
- ADDED: ice_corpser.scp; created the ice corpser to\line   match information from Ultima Wikia. Stats should\line   be looked over and tested.\par
- ADDED: whipping_vine.scp; added the Whipping Vine\line   to the definitions.\par
- ADDED: "programs" folder; to place programs in.\par
- ADDED: "axis" folder and program; to the programs\line   folder.\par
- ADDED: "sphere restart" folder and program; to\line   the programs folder.\par
- UPDATED: npc_orcs.scp; updated cans for mt_male and\line   placed can= with values in defs missing them.\line - REMOVED: npc_orcs.scp; removed elf definitions that\line   were within the file.\par
- ADDED: "undeads" folder; to the npc folder subdir.\line - ADDED: wight.scp; still not complete. I need to define\line   lady of the snow and do more to this. Please don't use.\par
\par
10-08-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- MODIFIED: system_currency ; faster menu scrolling\par
- MODIFIED: Monsters_general.scp ; added Ice Corpser (still tweaking)\par
\par
10-10-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- MODIFIED: Re-arranged structure of Custom for better\par
 organization.\par
\par
10-10-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- MODIFIED: Updated Spheretables.scp used with new subfolders.\par
\par
10-10-2010, Anarch Cassius\par
- DELETED: Custom\\sphere_item_vegetation.scp and Custom\\sphereitem_seed.scp ; these were for an older farming prototype that was abadoned\par
- DELETED: Custom\\sphere_types.scp ; merged with Custom_region.scp\par
- MODIFIED: Custom\\Custom_skills.scp ; tweaks to certain skill balance\par
- MODIFIED: Custom\\System_characters.scp ; fixed loot of orcs' heads\par
- MODIFIED: Custom\\System_combat.scp ; added test for nearby lights, more work to come\par
- MODIFIED: Vend.scp ; Larger stock for healers\par
- MODIFIED: Custom\\Mobiles ; Lots of work, high moverates and more of them, tweaks to several npcs\par
\par
10-12-2010, Khaos\par
- DELETED: sphere_artifacts_champion_unique.scp; for soon to be\line   obvious reasons listed below.\line - ADDED: Folders "ML Craftable Artifacts", "Champion Artifacts",\line   and "ML Minor Artifacts".\line - ADDED: All three folders contain all artifact weapons created\line   for those categories listed in uoguide. Casey; you need to fix\line   the tags and update like 5 items MOVES. Also they don't contain\line   t_propriedes. I merely scripted the default info to be edited.\line - ADDED: Folder "Magic Weapons", "Magic Armors", and "ML\line   Craftables" as a sub folder.\line - ADDED: All craftable magic weapons and some items from ML\line   expansion.\par
- MODIFIED: sphere_item_provisions_jewlery.scp; changed axis\line   cats so all jewelry is in jewelry section now and not clothing\line   too.\par
}
 